# Health_clinic
First Power BI project

This project was created under specific parameters for the Data Analytics and Lean Six Sigma course, as part of my MBA in Process Management.

First, I needed to separate the datasheet, and I chose the star schema to do so. Once I had all the main areas subdivided I went on to create the dCalendar table: In here, I chose to utilize the DAX calculation and, instead of CALENDAR AUTO(), went with "CALENDAR(<start_date>, <end_date>)" to have my table reflect the exact dates from the data sheet. Once they were all generated, I continue to the subdivision by weeks, months and by year to have it all easily accessible, as one of the requirements was a subdivision to understand the peak service hours during the weekdays.

Once I had the **dCalendar** table and all other dimensions properly set, I began to work in the Dashboard itself to have all the metrics requested. I created a few **measures** such as Year To Date Revenue (YTD), Client Returns to calculate churn rates and total quantities for clients and consults.

 Once I had these metrics set, I went on to think about charts and dispositions - along with the set filters by year and month, and by doctor, and also a *gouge chart* to showcase the total average of customer satisfaction with the business in general. I created two extra **filters** to guarantee the stakeholders will have full focus in each part of the report: Revenue and Customer Success.

**For Revenue**, I chose to display only the earnings and averages regarding the treatments, showing a *stacked area chart* to showcase the revenue by year and better visualize the business growth and, on the other part, visualize the revenue by number of consults month by month utilizing a *stacked bar chart with line* to show the differences, and at the same time *cards* were inserted to showcase average price per consult and total revenue, to fully change as needed according to the time and doctor selected.

In the **Customer Success filter**, I chose to erase the revenue metrics and focus in the customer experience and satisfaction, and using the *stacked bar chart* once again to show the absolute numbers of client returns comparable to the total of consults by month would provide a better understanding of the business. I went on with a conscious decision to not use the Churn Rate explicitly in my metrics, as the datasheet provided and the information about the business indicated it was a small and locally run business, so I decided to "keep things simple".
I have also added a *tile grip map* to show peak service hours by days of the week, that will rearrange itself to bring up the most busy days on the top. As requested, besides the gauge chart for total satisfaction metrics, I've separated this metric by procedure category using a *horizontal bar chart*, which will provide a better view of all procedures and their performance through the eyes of the pacient.
The cards will provide a better view of totals such as total consults, total wait time, total number of pacients and total number of clients that returned for a second time (or more). 

**In the second page**, as instructed in the initial parameters, I have used a *infografic desiner*, along with quick and simple photoshop skills to showcase the division of customers by gender. The classic *heatmap* was used to present the coverage area of the business, focusing on where its customers are located. - last but not least, I chose a *table* to showcase all the spendings and total quantity of procedures by customer - following LGPD guidelines to not include identifiable information and rather using client codes for each customer which, along with the heatmap, may showcase interesting insights on whness should focus its marketing and which group of customers are the less likely to return.
